Answer 1)Bottom up incremental integration is testing start from bottom module to top module of hierarchy.Top of module in a system is represented by drivers.
In top down incremental integration testing is start from top of module to the bottom module.Bottom modules are represented by stubs.
stubs and drivers are dummy codes used to stimulate behaviour of existing code.Developers use this dummy code to stimulate the behaviour of code that they have not written.
Advantage of bottom up incremental integration is that test case creation is more easy. And make expected results more accurately.Disadvantage of bottom up incremental integration test cases may some time irrevalent.

2)In amazone sites will check whether add to cart functionality is working fine.
a)Check whether add to cart button is working or not
b)Check whether multiple adding of items can be added to cart successfully
c)Verify whether total amount counting is doing aorrectly
d)Check whether user getting confirmation mail when a product is added to cart
e)Check whether user get continues feedback of product he/she ordered via msg/mail
f)Check whether user able to login to amazone site properly
g)Check whether user can register amazone successfully also get confirmation of login via mail
h)Check whether user can search for product he/she wants successfully
i)Check whether user get complete details of products he ordered in orders section in amazone site
j)Check whether categories drop down lists all categories and user able to view the product according category vise using categories menu.
k)Check whether all internal links listed when tap on top bar of amazone sites working fine.
l)Check whether user can view amazone site in espanol-es language as specified in language section.

3)I have tested an api.API is application programming interface. It determines the way in which application coding and user interacting phase is connected.
For example. In an calculator application there is some buttons like +,-,*,+ in our user interface and also numbers from 0 to 10.
When we are doing some addition and subtraction we are familiar of these buttons.But some methods are doing these actions for giving exact results.
API role of API is that, in database there are some values,by using end points we are taking values from database and providing informations to front ends using APIs.
API testing testing enables how properly communication between data and front end interface happening.
Example for API testing tool is postman.In postman sending some attribute values to given URL by using POST comments,From the URL getting response in the form of success code.
Normally 200 code is denoting success code.POST comments used for create,edit,Update data.
GET comment is used to retreive results from Given URL like search results etc.

